welcome to dragon training
today you will live to fight dragons
pain love it. let's get started you should
come by some time to work out you look
like you work out I guess it's just you
and me huh no just you
Oh focus head cop can transfer to the
class with the cool Vikings whoa
has anyone never tried to train a dragon
no one's ever left to tell the tale it's
okay I'm not gonna hurt you
let's see if this works we're gonna take
this nice and slow come on buddy come on
buddy
it's okay
you just scared him I scared him
everything we know about them is wrong
let me show you either we finish them or
they'll finish us
we don't have to fight that blog cool
go baby you might hold this eggs yeah
it ends today what are you gonna do
something crazy I mean me too sound me
up I love this plan
go
DreamWorks How to Train Your Dragon yeah
it's like the size of my Oh get off
three games